chore: bump v0.9.2 (#366)
ToucanToco/peakina: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.9.2] - 2023-03-30

### Fixed

> - Fixed: failed to extract type from giben url that contains query params in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed: it is now possible to extract a file's mime type from an URI containing query params.
```
